crostini with
smoked salmon
& sour cream

serves 4 as a starter

This is one of those effortless starters that feels a little bit special but can
be made in a flash from ingredients from your supermarket.
If you don’t have access to capers, chopped chives or parsley would
work well. It’s more about getting some visual greenery and freshness.
Baguettes are lovely for crostini but I’ve also used crackers or larger
slices of sourdough cut into small, bite sized pieces.

8 thin slices baguette
100g (3 oz) smoked salmon, sliced
sour cream
capers
lemon cheeks, to serve

Toast baguette slices lightly on one side.
Layer each round with smoked salmon, top with a dollup of sour
cream and sprinkle with a few capers and lots of freshly ground black
pepper.

----------
Yield
    4 servings
Active Time
    30 minutes
Total Time
    35 minutes

Ingredients

        1 lb. linguine or other long pasta
        Kosher salt
        1 (14-oz.) can diced tomatoes
        1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided
        1/4 cup capers, drained
        6 oil-packed anchovy fillets
        1 Tbsp. tomato paste
        1/3 cup pitted Kalamata olives, halved
        2 tsp. dried oregano
        1/2 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes
        6 oz. oil-packed tuna

Preparation

        Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid; return pasta to pot.
        While pasta cooks, pour tomatoes into a fine-mesh sieve set over a medium bowl. Shake to release as much juice as possible, then let tomatoes drain in sieve, collecting juices in bowl, until ready to use.
        Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large deep-sided skillet over medium-high. Add capers and cook, swirling pan occasionally, until they burst and are crisp, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer capers to a paper towel-lined plate, reserving oil in skillet.
        Combine anchovies, tomato paste, and drained tomatoes in skillet. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes begin to caramelize and anchovies start to break down, about 5 minutes. Add collected tomato juices, olives, oregano, and red pepper flakes and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add pasta, remaining 1/4 cup oil, and 3/4 cup pasta cooking liquid to pan. Cook over medium heat, stirring and adding remaining 1/4 cup pasta cooking liquid to loosen if needed, until sauce is thickened and emulsified, about 2 minutes. Flake tuna into pasta and toss to combine.
        Divide pasta among plates. Top with fried capers.

----------
BEEF AND RICE CASSEROLE
Yield: 4 servings
Total Preparation Time: 60 minutes

1 lb. lean ground beef
1⁄2 c. chopped onion
1⁄4 c. chopped bell pepper
1⁄4 tsp. salt
1⁄4 tsp. garlic salt
1⁄2 tsp. ground black pepper
1 c. rice
1 tsp. salt
1 Tbsp. of dry onion soup mix
2 c. water
1 10 oz. can cream of mushroom soup
1⁄2 c. low-fat milk
1 c. crushed potato chips

Size of bake ware: 8” x 8” baking dish
Cooking temperature: 350F

Brown ground meat, onions, and bell pepper. Drain and return to skillet or Dutch oven. Add salt, garlic salt, and black pepper. Add rice, salt, dry onion soup, and water. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in soup and milk. Pour mixture into 8” x 8” baking dish. Top with crushed chips. Bake at 350F for 20 minutes.
----------
Yield 4–6 servings

Ingredients


Salt
1 pound fettuccine
4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
3 or 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped or grated
Zest of 1 to 2 lemons
2 medium- large or 4 small zucchini, cleaned but not peeled, and shredded
Freshly ground pepper
1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1/4 cup chopped fresh mint
1 cup fresh whole-milk ricotta cheese, at room temperature

Cooking steps

Place a large pot of water over high heat. When the water is at a rolling boil, add a big pinch of salt, drop in the fettucine, and stir. Cook the pasta, stirring from time to time, according to package directions for al dente, usually about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is warm, add the garlic and sauté until golden, about 1 minute. Add the lemon zest and cook for 30 seconds longer. Increase the heat to medium-high, add the zucchini, and cook, stirring, until tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Remove and reserve about 1/2 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta and quickly toss with the zucchini, parsley, and mint. Spoon on the ricotta and toss lightly again, add small amounts of the cooking water to lighten the cheese to the consistency you like, and serve.

Cooks' Note
Zucchini is easy to shred on the large holes of a box grater, with the shredding attachment of a food processor, or with a mandoline.

----------

Dr. Jennifer’s Virgin Diet Recipes
www.thevirgindiet.com

Gluten-Free Flour Tortillas

Introduction
Minutes to Prepare: 15
Minutes to Cook: 35
Number of Servings: 8


Ingredients
You will need:

2 c. Gluten-free all purpose flour (or 2 c. White rice flour)
2 tsp. Xanthan gum or Guar gum
1 tsp. Gluten-free baking powder
2 tsp. Brown sugar
1 tsp. Salt
1 c. Warm water
 Top-Rated Gluten-Free Flour at AmazonTop-Rated Gluten-Free Flour


Directions
1) Add the dry ingredients to a large mixing bowl and mix the ingredients thoroughly.

2) Add the cup of warm water to the bowl and mix the dry ingredients into the water with your hand until its an even mixture.

3) Separate the dough into 8 pieces and roll each piece into a ball. Place all but one of the dough balls back into the bowl and cover with plastic wrap until you're ready to work with them.

4) Sprinkle a clean, flat surface with a bit of buckwheat flour and then roll your dough ball into a roughly circular shape and get as thin as possible.

5) Throw the tortilla onto a hot griddle (I use a cast iron griddle on medium heat with just a smidge of olive oil) and let it cook approximately 1-2 minutes or until it has started puffing up and the bottom side is developing those lovely brown spots. Flip the tortilla and cook the other side until is toasty as well.

6) Slide the cooked tortilla onto a covered plate to stay warm and repeat from step 4 until you've cooked all 8 tortillas. I generally roll one tortilla out while another is cooking, so that there is always a tortilla on the griddle.

7) Serve these warm with your favorite filling!
----------
This is not a recipe
this contains junk
nothing should be detected here
qfkjdsklfjkqdsjgkldhgjqsdh
qsdgqsdkjkgjeahtnfqxc5gqdsf5f5ds1f
dfqdsfea5f56ez5r"r"65é6'2&"é24(12"é1(2"é("(
f4a5"(42&"é(1tefekhrfkjeziô(joi"étrjgfnm  rjeklrj rjaeiajej 12 5  5 4 15q5qjf codufndde ounce
dqjaiotjnaezgvniojag


ieazjtnkrjgnq,ndjf Prep
djakzriajntfjdgnvbjtpapapetejntbtjdnfqnbdg

fqdskjjath
fjfaj
yuireld
yield 2525
oezjjazgiâeuta
----------
This is a junk recipe that has steps, but no ingredients, should trown an error
kdqjfsj
dkqfsjkejai
eija
dlkkjjjjj
hallo
ieja

COOKING STEPS

Put package in microwave for 5 minutes.
Take it out.
Eat.


----------
Sometimes your professor will ask you to include an abstract, or general summary of your work, with your research paper. The abstract allows you to elaborate upon each major aspect of the paper and helps readers decide whether they want to read the rest of the paper. Therefore, enough key information [e.g., summary results, observations, trends, etc.] must be included to make the abstract useful to someone who may want to examine your work.

How do you know when you have enough information in your abstract? A simple rule-of-thumb is to imagine that you are another researcher doing a similar study. Then ask yourself: if your abstract was the only part of the paper you could access, would you be happy with the amount of information presented there? Does it tell the whole story about your study? If the answer is "no" then the abstract likely needs to be revised.

How to Write a Research Abstract. Office of Undergraduate Research. University of Kentucky; Staiger, David L. “What Today’s Students Need to Know about Writing Abstracts.” International Journal of Business Communication January 3 (1966): 29-33; Swales, John M. and Christine B. Feak. Abstracts and the Writing of Abstracts. Ann Arbor, MI: University of Michigan Press, 2009.
Structure and Writing Style

I.  Types of Abstracts

To begin, you need to determine which type of abstract you should include with your paper. There are four general types.

Critical Abstract
A critical abstract provides, in addition to describing main findings and information, a judgement or comment about the study’s validity, reliability, or completeness. The researcher evaluates the paper and often compares it with other works on the same subject. Critical abstracts are generally 400-500 words in length due to the additional interpretive commentary. These types of abstracts are used infrequently.

Descriptive Abstract
A descriptive abstract indicates the type of information found in the work. It makes no judgments about the work, nor does it provide results or conclusions of the research. It does incorporate key words found in the text and may include the purpose, methods, and scope of the research. Essentially, the descriptive abstract only describes the work being summarized. Some researchers consider it an outline of the work, rather than a summary. Descriptive abstracts are usually very short, 100 words or less.

Informative Abstract
The majority of abstracts are informative. While they still do not critique or evaluate a work, they do more than describe it. A good informative abstract acts as a surrogate for the work itself. That is, the researcher presents and explains all the main arguments and the important results and evidence in the paper. An informative abstract includes the information that can be found in a descriptive abstract [purpose, methods, scope] but it also includes the results and conclusions of the research and the recommendations of the author. The length varies according to discipline, but an informative abstract is usually no more than 300 words in length.

Highlight Abstract
A highlight abstract is specifcally written to attract the reader’s attention to the study. No pretence is made of there being either a balanced or complete picture of the paper and, in fact, incomplete and leading remarks may be used to spark the reader’s interest. In that a highlight abstract cannot stand independent of its associated article, it is not a true abstract and, therefore, rarely used in academic writing.

II.  Writing Style

Use the active voice when possible, but note that much of your abstract may require passive sentence constructions. Regardless, write your abstract using concise, but complete, sentences. Get to the point quickly and always use the past tense because you are reporting on a study that has been completed.

Although it is the first section of your paper, the abstract, by definition, should be written last since it will summarize the contents of your entire paper. To begin composing your abstract, take whole sentences or key phrases from each section and put them in a sequence that summarizes the paper. Then revise or add connecting phrases or words to make the narrative flow clearly and smoothly. Before handing in your final paper, check to make sure that the information in the abstract completely agrees with what you have written in the paper. Think of the abstract as describing the most information using the fewest necessary words in complete sentences.

The abstract SHOULD NOT contain:

    Lengthy background information,
    References to other literature [say something like, "current research shows that..." or "studies have indicated..."],
    Using ellipticals [i.e., ending with "..."] or incomplete sentences,
    Abbreviations, jargon, or terms that may be confusing to the reader, and
    Any sort of image, illustration, figure, or table, or references to them.
